Update Docs for Local Install from Source (#582)
fbpic/fbpic: docs/source/install/install_local.rst

           pip install fbpic[picmi]

   .. note::

>        Instead of using ``pip``, you can also install FBPIC from the sources,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       Instead of using a release, you can also install FBPIC from the sources,
```

       by cloning the `code from Github <https://github.com/fbpic/fbpic>`_,

>        and executing ``python3 -m pip install .`` from the main directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       and executing ``python3 -m pip install .`` from the main directory.
       A shortcut for this is: ``python3 -m pip install git+https://github.com/fbpic/fbpic.git``
```

Author: Could not commit suggestion directly from this comment, done it in https://github.com/fbpic/fbpic/pull/582/commits/81dcec49d2bf007f06a0ab12115b4b6c307ebe04.
